Thank you for the last succession ceremony
Thanks.
That's not as simple as Danny's glass of wine
What's up?
Sister, you obviously had a chance to get a divorce last time.
Why do you want to choose again?
Return to that abyss
Feiyu, I have a blood feud with Gu Beichen
This revenge will not be avenged for a day
I won't leave the Gu family for a day
But have you ever considered
When you look at the members
The abyss is also staring at you
I'm afraid you'll lose yourself because of this
But I still have your thread to hold me
But I don't want to be just a thread in your hand
The Qin family where Qin Huomei was before
It's a business along the soil
After being raided by the city lord
They can only make a comeback with the strength of the Gu family
So you're saying
Love words want to sell tobacco in Jingping City
That's right and unregulated
At that time, the entire boutique will be blocked by smoke and soil
Countless people will face family ruin
No way.
I absolutely cannot allow anyone to be in Beijing
Tobacco selling in Pingcheng
Flying fish
I want to completely eradicate Qin Huomei's tobacco business
Don't rush
Miss Lin
There's a plan.
Yes.